Document agent behavior in WebSocket connection failure (#2858)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.1/observability-pipeline/observe-schedule/agent.md

You can also use the [`keepalive-handlers`][53] flag to send keepalive events to any handler you have configured.
If you do not specify a keepalive handler with the `keepalive-handlers` flag, the Sensu backend will use the default `keepalive` handler and create an event in sensuctl and the Sensu web UI.

## Connection failure

Although connection failure may be due to different kinds of socket errors (such as unexpectedly closed connections and TLS handshake failures), the Sensu agent generally keeps retrying connections to each URL in the `backend-url` list until it is successfully connected to a backend URL or you stop the process.

When you start up a Sensu instance with one or more working backends and an agent that is configured with a corresponding list of `backend-url` values, the Sensu agent shuffles the `backend-url` list.

> The agent attempts to connect to the first URL in the shuffled list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you start up a Sensu agent configured with multiple `backend-url` values, the agent shuffles the `backend-url` list and attempts to connect to the first URL in the shuffled list.
```

For every heartbeat the agent sends, the agent expects the connected backend to send a heartbeat response within the number of seconds specified for the [`backend-heartbeat-timeout`][42].
If the connected backend does not respond within the `backend-heartbeat-timeout` period, the agent closes the connection and attempts to connect to the next backend URL in the shuffled list.

The agent iterates through the shuffled `backend-url` list until it successfully establishes a WebSocket connection with a backend, returning to the first URL if it fails to connect with the last URL in the list.

{{% notice note %}}
**NOTE**: Sensu's WebSocket connection heartbeat message and [keepalive monitoring](#keepalive-monitoring) mechanism are different, although they have similar purposes.<br><br>
The WebSocket `backend-heartbeat-interval` and `backend-heartbeat-timeout` are specifically configured for the WebSocket connection heartbeat message the agent sends when it connects to a backend URL.<br><br>
Keepalive monitoring is more fluid &mdash; it permits agents to reconnect any number of times within the configured timeout.

> As long as the agent can successfully send one event to any backend within the timeout, the keepalive is reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As long as the agent can successfully send one event to any backend within the timeout, the keepalive logic is satisfied.
```

Reviewer: To me, the phrasing "is reset" is a bit ambiguous.
